src/code-of-conduct.md, before:

---
title: Code of Conduct
layout: markdown.njk
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Code of Conduct
  parent: Main
---

## PWA Summit is intended to be an inclusive, welcoming conference for everyone.

PWA Summit requires everyone to be respectful to each other. Treat everyone with respect. Participate while acknowledging that everyone deserves to be here — and each of us has the right to enjoy our experience without fear of harassment, discrimination, or condescension, whether blatant or via micro-aggressions.

PWA Summit will not tolerate discrimination and/or harassment for any reason, including but not limited to characteristics like: race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming), sex, gender, or gender identification, national origin, ancestry, mental or physical disability, medical condition, pregnancy, military or veteran status, genetic information, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation and gender identity and/or gender expression

We expect that everyone attending our events will avoid making inappropriate or offensive comments (slurs, epithets, etc.) or engage in inappropriate or offensive conduct that targets another person.

Anyone violating these rules, including but not limited to attendees, sponsors, and organizers, may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference at the discretion of the conference organizers.

## Who does the Code of Conduct apply? Where does it apply?

The Code of Conduct applies to everyone, including attendees, sponsors, speakers, and organizers. It applies to any PWA Summit hosted event and all related online and offline spaces, including code repositories and communication channels (site repo, Twitter, event chat, etc…).Inappropriate behavior or harassment of any kind is not tolerated.

## Reporting Code of Conduct issues.

If you need help of any kind, to report a bad situation, or anything else not specified that we can help with, please email us: **shared-organizer-email@mail-provider.com**

Commit message:

Add contact options for code of conduct, and influences

src/code-of-conduct.md, after:

---
title: Code of Conduct
layout: markdown.njk
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Code of Conduct
  parent: Main
---

## PWA Summit is intended to be an inclusive, welcoming conference for everyone.

PWA Summit requires everyone to be respectful to each other. Treat everyone with respect. Participate while acknowledging that everyone deserves to be here — and each of us has the right to enjoy our experience without fear of harassment, discrimination, or condescension, whether blatant or via micro-aggressions.

PWA Summit will not tolerate discrimination and/or harassment for any reason, including but not limited to characteristics like: race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming), sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, national origin, ancestry, mental or physical disability, medical condition, pregnancy, military or veteran status, genetic information, citizenship status, and marital status.

We expect that everyone attending our events will avoid making inappropriate or offensive comments (slurs, epithets, etc.) or engage in inappropriate or offensive conduct that targets another person.

Anyone violating these rules, including but not limited to attendees, sponsors, and organizers,may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference at the discretion of the conference organizers.

## Who does the Code of Conduct apply? Where does it apply?

The Code of Conduct applies to everyone, including attendees, sponsors, speakers, and organizers. It applies to any PWA Summit hosted event and all related online and offline spaces, including code repositories and communication channels (site repo, Twitter, event chat, etc…). Inappropriate behavior or harassment of any kind is not tolerated.

## Reporting Code of Conduct issues.

If you need help of any kind, to report a bad situation, or anything else not specified that we can help with, you can contact us by:

- Tweeting or DMing [@PWASummit](http://twitter.com/PWASummit)

---

This Code of Conduct was heavily influenced by the [Web Assembly Summit Code of Conduct](https://webassembly-summit.org/coc) and the [An Event Apart Code of Conduct](https://aneventapart.com/registration-information#code-of-conduct).
